to whom I still can't forget that at the
time there were people who didn't
question her wrongdoing and now can't
accept that over the years there are people who
think they understand that they've rolled out the
red carpet for her Rocío Carrasco Díaz as a
woman what you should do is talk
rejoice and say well how good that
society has changed not to say I'm wrong
with her if with me I'm not going to
give it to her but in a second Javier the
problem is not that now suddenly it is
a chain completely
built with feminism the problem
is that you have not done it because she
was an abused woman
the problem that you
know even laughed at her while
she was reporting in fact a
year later you laid out a
red carpet for a man who has a sentence
[Music]
for having attacked the woman
surely lacking you are fake
your feminism is fake